As far as the eye can see, people are
doing yoga exercises on colorful mats. A
staggering 35,000 have come to
join Indian Prime Minister
Rameau in practicing yoga in the capital, New Delhi.
He is not only the initiator of
World Youth Day, but also leads by example. Yoga is about
more than
physical fitness;
we are not just celebrating this day, but
cultivating the human spirit to usher in
a new era of peace. Thanks are also due to
the United Nations for taking up
his suggestion to introduce a
World Yoga Day.
The event is taking place in New Delhi
under tight security.
The entire city center is sealed off, and
participants in the open-air event must
pass through numerous metal detectors.
The organizers hope the
mass spectacle will earn them an entry in the
Guinness Book of Records.
People are also meeting for
yoga in other parts of India, and
the first
World Yoga Day is being duly celebrated in numerous European metropolises, such as
London and Paris.